Thank you. Breakfast is ready.
Why are you still in my house?
Looking at him like this, he had a good night last night
This person
As long as you go shopping, you can't eat any garbage
It's okay if you call me trash
But it's my woman
You don't seem qualified to say wait
Hahahaha
Ouch, I haven't made a relationship yet
Lao Wang is the cheapest pet in our era
Why? You're in love with him?
Haha, okay, okay.
I'm ready for you to get married
Okay, what about grandpa and his wife?
I really want to marry him
How about you?
Don't regret it.
How dare you talk to me like that
He made him wear this dress
Drive him to the street
Let him rest well
Come on, kick him out
Who dares to touch him?